registered execution plans (#373)
RedisGears/RedisGears: docs/commands.md

* **executionId**: the [execution ID](functions.md#execution-id)
* **status**: the [status](functions.md#execution-status)

> * **registered execution**: Indication that the given execution is a registered execution plan.

Reviewer: An indication that the given execution was triggered by a registration?

@itamarhaber what do you think?

Reviewer 2: 1. I don't like the field name having a space and being so long, would replace it with `registered`
2. (note the lowercase i and no ending period)
```suggestion
* **registered**: indicates whether this is a [registered execution](functions.html#registration)
```
